Extract URL (#16143)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_6_15.md

#### Scripts
##### New: FormatURL

> - Formats URL to indicator: extracts redirect URL from Proof Point or ATP URLs. Strips and unquotes and unescapes URLs (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strips, unquotes and unescapes URLs. If the URL is a Proofpoint or ATP URL, extracts its redirect URL. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).
```
